Why aren't you saluting me? Huh?
How's Eun?
The wound is severe, so they'll know
for sure after the surgery.
So?
Is he going to make it or not?
The best surgeon in Korea
is doing the surgery.
I'm sure he'll make it.
"What happened?"
The reporters keep asking me that.
What should I--
Are you seriously asking?
He tried to go in to save his daughter…
and those damn spies got him.
Lim Soo-ho shot him? In front of Yeong-ro?
I mean, last time--
Listen, you bastard.
Don't you know he's an armed Northern spy?
You saw how frantically he provoked us.
You still think he wouldn't do it?
Understood, sir. I'll tell the reporters
that's what happened.
If people think Eun got shot trying to
negotiate with them to save the hostages,
he will be hailed as a hero, again.
Damn it.
Hello?
Hello, doctor. How are you?
He's been shot?
How is he?
You must save him. Please.
Okay. I'll be right over.
It was supposed to be a put-up job.
But they shot the ANSP director?
MBS breaking news.
Director Eun Chang-su of the ANSP
was shot by the armed spies
near the Hosu University dorm.
In an unprecedented turn of events,
two SWAT team members
were killed at the scene.
We'll hear from our reporter
on the scene for further details.
-Reporter Wi?
-Those goddamn bastards…
What's going on?
That's a lie. Don't believe what they say.
There are people
killed or hurt, but you didn't shoot?
Are you saying it was friendly fire then?
The last thing we want is to make the
public angrier. Why would we shoot them?
Until we figure out what's going on,
you should all stay
in the prayer room. Now.
Get up, everyone. Let's go. Now.
Yeong-ro failed
to convince her father, didn't she?
Anyway, who shot them?
You must have a hunch.
My hunch is
that Eun Chang-su is opposing using force
because of Yeong-ro,
so they took the opportunity
to get rid of him.
If that's true,
they won't hesitate to kill the students.
Go to the prayer room.
Right. To the prayer room…
The prayer room.
No!
It's all right.
No one's going to die.
Don't worry.
I apologize, sir.
I tried so hard to stop him,
but he went to get his daughter out, and…
How dare they shoot my right-hand man!
They're just pawns. They wouldn't
have done it without the North's orders!